Restructure the documentation (#3259)
esl/MongooseIM: doc/getting-started/Quick-setup.md

In this short guide we will set MongooseIM up and get users chatting right away.
The goal is to get to know MongooseIM, set it up, go through basic operations and validation.

You should have MongooseIM already installed on your machine and the `mongooseimctl` command available.
If you have not installed MIM, please refer to the [installation instructions](./Installation.md).

!!! warning
    This setup is not intended for production.

!!! Note
    This procedure has been tested on an Ubuntu 18.04.x LTS.

## Running MongooseIM

!!! Warning
    MongooseIM will use its default database - Mnesia, which is faster and simpler to set up, but not intended for production purposes when it comes to persistent data.

> !!! Note
>     It is possible at anytime to use external databases. For more information, see the [database backend configuration](../configuration/database-backends-configuration.md) page.

Reviewer: Maybe merge with the warning and remove the awkward `at anytime`?

```suggestion
It is possible to use external databases instead - for more information, see the [database backend configuration](../configuration/database-backends-configuration.md) page.
```

mongooseimctl add_rosteritem bob localhost alice localhost alice friends both
```

!!! Note

>     The `subs`parameter is the "subscription" to a user's presence. Possible values are: `none`, `from`, `to`, or `both`. A subscription in `both` direction means each user will receive each other's presence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `subs` parameter is the "subscription" to a user's presence. Possible values are: `none`, `from`, `to`, or `both`. A subscription in `both` direction means each user will receive each other's presence.
```
